---
layout:     post                    # 使用的布局（不需要改）
title:      Node.js CVE 总结        # 标题
subtitle:                           #副标题
date:       2019-05-24              # 时间
author:     RTL                     # 作者
header-img: img/post-bg-hacker.jpg  #这篇文章标题背景图片
catalog: true                       # 是否归档
tags:                               #标签
  - CVE
  - Node.js
---

## CVE-2018-12123

- 影响版本：6.15.0, 8.14.0, 10.14.0, 11.3.0 之前
- Hostname spoofing in URL parser for javascript protocol: If a Node.js application is using url.parse() to determine the URL hostname, that hostname can be spoofed by using a mixed case "javascript:" (e.g. "javAscript:") protocol (other protocols are not affected). If security decisions are made about the URL based on the hostname, they may be incorrect.
- 利用：其实没什么用，顶多利用个 javascript 协议

## CVE-2018-12116

- 影响版本：6.15.0, 8.14.0 之前
- If Node.js can be convinced to use unsanitized user-provided Unicode data for the `path` option of an HTTP request, then data can be provided which will trigger a second, unexpected, and user-defined HTTP request to made to the same server.
- 利用：发送非预期的路径给服务端

## CVE-2018-7160

- 影响版本 6.x 之后
- An attack is possible from malicious websites open in a web browser on the same computer, or another computer with network access to the computer running the Node.js process. A malicious website could use a DNS rebinding attack to trick the web browser to bypass same-origin-policy checks and to allow HTTP connections to localhost or to hosts on the local network. If a Node.js process with the debug port active is running on localhost or on a host on the local network, the malicious website could connect to it as a debugger, and get full code execution access.
- [利用](http://bluec0re.blogspot.com/2018/03/cve-2018-7160-pwning-nodejs-developers.html)

## CVE-2017-14849

- 影响版本 8.5.0
- Allow remote attackers to access unintended files, because a change to ".." handling was incompatible with the pathname validation used by unspecified community modules.
- [利用](https://github.com/vulhub/vulhub/tree/master/node/CVE-2017-14849)

## CVE-2017-16082

- 影响版本
- node-postgres 在处理类型为 Row Description 的 postgres 返回包时，将字段名拼接到代码中。由于没有进行合理转义，导致一个特殊构造的字段名可逃逸出代码单引号限制，造成代码执行漏洞。
- [利用](https://github.com/vulhub/vulhub/tree/master/node/CVE-2017-16082)

## CVE-2014-6393

- 影响版本 Express 3.11, 4.5 之前
- Node.js does not provide a charset field in HTTP Content-Type headers in 400 level responses, which might allow remote attackers to conduct cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks via characters in a non-standard encoding.
- 太贵了，我看不起...[利用](https://vuldb.com/?id.105127)